I'm at like 4% battery I am plugged in
though
okay the mate has been
[Music]
poured I've been drinking this I've been
sipping Sur
SI oh my oh
my okay so what we're doing today is
we're finally got an Arduino hooked up
to the computer by USB
and
then we
got
um this The Annoying Thing
is hold
on okay well let's open this up then
let's also do this okay
then basically what we want to
do is we want to cause
okay all right so write Arduino script
that
if the serial read
or if it reads
Blink from
serial then it should
blink
the built in LED I'm on
Uno um also write the serial Port RS
script that on
keypress uh sends blink
to
uh a comp Port which I have yet to
specify that's pretty good
okay that's
perfect I really do not like this it
keeps opening new windows that's why I
don't like this thing I wish it was just
a tab based editor but then I try to use
the the
um I to use the actually maybe we should
just do this cuz I'm so sick
of I haven't been paying attention am I
getting a stable
connection look I don't want any Dropout
I
hate okay whatever I'll get my ethernet
cable in a second so we have this and
then we don't need our
USB but we do
need this
no
um we probably want to open up uh uh
serial
RS okay then we have list
ports receive data transmit this
probably transmit so what what exactly
happens write bytes to a Serial port at
one
Hertz okay wait so let's just try to do
this that probably has a-h flag let's
see it probably displays the- H with no
args I love clap okay so Port how do you
specified Port that is the question
Port okay so I found this and then we
need the bod so the first thing to do
though is we probably want to run
this
okay all right so wait let me see what
GPT
says okay it seems like we're not
dropping that many frames so I'm fine
with that oh but this did
fail you know what I hate is
like in this case only regenerate is an
option but like what if I just want to
keep moving on like I don't
know okay so
or you know what maybe we'll just have
it um so what what is it sending that's
the question okay opens
writing
string okay uh so it's going to be Port
we need to figure out the port actually
so when I upload this need to select
board
okay I have a uino Uno connected to my
computer can I just do this isn't it
Windows
H I have an Arduino I have an Arduino
connected to my
computer oh my I
have it's like why is that so
bad what model
for is
Microsoft using and how can I replace it
it's like I just want
to like whatever this
is you know what I want to like use this
cuz I want to use this way more select
default microphone it's using the right
microphone help us in contributing voice
clips
um I just want to say be open source
about this and let me pick a better
model like I I'm willing to trade disc
space like like up to a gig maybe even
two gigs of disc space the thing is I
don't think any model that runs in real
time would need that much but like and
of course their feedback Hub is total
garbage so we're just going to let let
let ourselves suffer
fine I have an Arduino connected to my
computer by USB but what I don't
understand is why in the Arduino IDE
there is basically no way for it to know
which USB port which Comm Port has the
Arduino connected to it they all just
say unknown why can't my computer just
figure it out
it just seems like a failure of the
specification or
something is this going to be on the
screen the whole time
though I don't know maybe I could I I
feel like Windows H is probably the
right way to do
this okay so
then okay so then how can I find out
which comp Port it's connected
to because I need to select
it select
it God it's it's just
Jank I want this done I want to move on
I want to go get the
servos you know what this is what I do
every single time though I go to
examples and then I go to Blink and then
I just start guessing and I upload it
until I got it right so we're going to
do Comm
[Music]
7 Uno and it's like you have to select
the device too I feel like this whole
experience is totally
garbage I should buy
uh Raspberry
Pi I I wonder if the Raspberry Pi can
okay so it's it's that one so if we do
this tell me it was
seven no this this okay we can close
this can upload this
one now that that's running we should be
able to do
796 600 so this is Port 7 or Comm
fantastic
uh wait
[Music]
what wait I do not understand this
matches about right bites to a Serial
port at one
her
um number of bits number of data bits to
use
interesting okay so yeah I don't know
what that
means what if I just said
not equal
to or I don't
know um okay whatever
so oh yeah actually that's what it is
wait I thought it Del
limits what if I put it up
front found an argument which wasn't
expected if you try to
play as a value rather than than a
flag but I literally have that let's try
to do
this what was called this is exactly
what it was called do I need to put
another one that makes no sense okay I
feel like that's just gang
Buster okay so what we do need to do is
we need to
write
rate frequency one is
perfect
[Music]
um okay so what we want
is D-
79600 and then we want uh D
string I wonder if I put it equals there
and we want blink
what if I type do I have to type Comm
seven oh
sick okay the LED is
not
blinking
but it does seem
like the TX pin is is doing
something uh what does the TX
LED on the uno
mean can
I I think I I think I can't tools serial
[Music]
monitor I think I won't be a there's
something weird about being able to
connect to serial monitors cuz only like
one of them can
all right let's read the loop
back this example performs a loop back
test using real hardware
parts that's pretty
neat oh and of course they're all
freaking Linux examples cuz that is
so much easier
I mean I think it's working let me try
to cancel this yeah so the yeah Port is
busy that's kind of what I expected all
right so let's kill
this and the transaction LED is not
turning on so that's
fantastic uh do I need
to wrong
guy string that matches value of string.
unwrap writing why doesn't it print that
out oh it is writing blink
to wait can I I'm reopen the blink
example trim wies space are new lines
I don't
understand um
I am calling this
script oh
yeah together with
this um the rust invoke is
this and I
believe that that some thing is working
because
it seems like the
TX LED blinks very shortly in sync with
the commands sent from rust oh
wait however uh the LED built-in LED is
not turning on uh like I expected to
which should be every half second
m
oh could
be I'm a little
skeptical yeah that's wrong
okay I'm down to do
this wait but this is not
running so let's kill that do this
actually maybe it was working I don't
know see is it
okay is it because of this right see I
don't I don't I don't get
that oh I guess we're good
it's definitely synced up with the Trans
the uh what is it called the TX pin
which
is transmission pin or transmission
LED
okay okay not working
what is the simplest way to send data to
the
Arduino and verify it's able to read and
parse the input
all right let's try
that so we probably need a loop back I
probably need to update the
okay wait a bit for the respond or read
okay so I'm just going
to
my my ex uh loop. RS okay we're going to
do this then we're going to do
uh
loop what happened
read Ed out
fantastic oh wait see this I don't this
is why I really do not like serial
communication it's
like it's always something about the
access being denied I don't know if
that's unique
to Red a oh wait did it do it
why is the LED
on I don't know why the LED is on okay
but presumably this is a successful loop
back example
I don't know why oh you know what no
that doesn't make any sense okay so we
port.
write then port.
read read and read takes in a buffer
that's
fine as mute slice that's
cool okay wait so actually here's what I
want to
do
uh let mute I equal
Z okay
now so that's all we need to do is
change it from that side oh yeah and
then okay then from here read to string
okay I want to loop back
count now I want to loop back with a
counter so for each send I gets
incremented in Rust I
want uh Arduino to parse to int and
increment
it and send
back from
Arduino I +
one okay this should be very
easy I hope it doesn't write the rust
code because I
know it probably
will oh good
oh that's
it
okay okay we run it
back upload it
okay well it started with one so that's
how we know it's
good the other problem is that this
thing doesn't have
a co-pilot which I feel like is
like oh my
God
okay I like the formatting work though
that is
nice okay it's probably going to fail
right so you have to turn this
off then you upload
it then you turn it back
on okay and blink is working let's see
if I can get that on camera
perfect be be
be okay so now that we basically have
that the next step
is we are going to integrate it with
webcam capture if I undo that's perfect
so I can just do
this
okay all right so we have like
two hours to do this because the GM
opens in two hours and I want to hit
that hit that gy
bro
okay yeah that's the other thing okay
so
help okay I'm going to do
this I have an Arduino and and I have
two servos wait you know what this is
stupid cuz what I
want to
know is cu the the servos are
bulky
like I don't know I just generally kind
of hate servos they're like
why do servos feel so clunky and
inefficient I just really don't like the
feel of
servos okay fine
so the next step
is I'm sick of getting bogged down by
bull
crap so we don't need stream cam but we
do need webcam capture so CD do do code
webcam capture okay then
here what we're going to do
oh well I mean come on I got to uh I got
to be a streamer and I got to
show what does this
do the webcam capture is a simple simple
program that does nothing it doesn't do
anything that's what it does it doesn't
do
anything
and that's it yeah so it doesn't do
okay
[Music]
but the way the program did nothing was
very impressive
because because because that's it
because all right
so I need to go get
my thing and I guess since I'm doing
that I might as well get uh
ethernet um um um um um
um so we need to hook up the camera
that's
it
for
for for
[Music]
okay
okay let's see if this
works first off we probably need to name
the camera cuz it's probably
using let's see I don't even remember
this code where do I select
camera all right well let's just try
it okay
beautiful so come down
here do this
okay so we
have that and it'll follow me so now the
next
step is first off I want to
actually
uh is open update what if we
just this not even the one we want we
want this Loop okay so we don't even
want to make the
window we don't want
this we don't want this we just want
Loop okay then we
want
to comment this out and what I want to
know is if
drawing is not an
issue what kind of frame rate do we get
because I bet drawing is
a pretty big part of
uh what the freck where do we even use
this okay we don't need that
come on wait we don't even need the draw
Target I want to remove Rock quat
entirely
actually okay it looks like we're
good so what kind of frame rate can we
get I'm hoping for
30 that is very surprising
why would it be
less I don't know why it would be
less but fine that's as fast as we're
going to go that's
okay I'm guessing that there's like a
ton of copying I don't know how to
optimize rust code that's like numerical
like this or really any R code
okay but the point
is we're going to undo all of
that actually you know
what do th
this
do this
H okay then we're going to put this back
that was just a test
basically okay I want to try to rerun
it see if we get
anything what am I printing out this
total garbage okay no so the frame rate
is faster but it's not sign signicantly
faster it's like 2 and a half to three
frames a second
faster which I guess is oh wait but I
don't
know what's up with the
lighting okay
so see see those false detections up
there that's a really interesting it's
actually pretty consistently wrong
so we need to find the highest
confidence box probs can we print out
that's not right I don't think that's
right
yeah uh that that doesn't actually mean
anything we need a we need a test on an
image but for right now I feel like
that's just going to bog me down so I
don't really care what we are going to
do is C add serial port
okay and then we are just going to cause
blink we're going to do
this get this guy over
okay so we're going to try to do this
okay then in the
loop I put it down here we're going to
put
um so pixel B boxes so we we want the B
boxes so I just want to write B boxes to
string
okay then we need to adjust the
code so
first I don't know is that going to
break literally
everything we don't want a delay we want
a delay of like 100 milliseconds it
shouldn't be that slow
okay
so now we need to go to this and instead
of blah blah blah
and
print
input oh let's leave the blink okay so
that means we run
this
then we run this
the mechanical design of this is going
to be
weird I don't know how to put the servos
and mount
them figure that out
oh wow there's a
hummingbird they move so fast they just
check all the little flowers for nectar
they move on okay so there's
that now let's see what we got going on
here
a timed out
o first
off com this
out whatever let's just leave it as it
was
don't remember the parking
lot
okay oh God it's so slow
because o
yeah so we need to like well in the in
the other case only for logging are we
actually going to need the loop back so
that should
be there we
go okay but so let's
see
um right so we can cancel this now what
we want to do is function is Right
function bbox Center
okay that seems good to
me hopefully
the okay so um and this takes just a v
so we
want
let uh best
equal probably Center
we're going to put the
center and then we're going to
send
Center let's try it
again okay then it's almost time to go
get the servo that will be really
cool something went
wrong h
I think it's probably related
to
this maybe
not oh wait
oh please tell me this
works dude into is
like never does anything in two is like
the least helpful it's like yeah we're
going to try but we're not trying that
hard Okay so
a
man
uh ND array for numai users as
type right okay so we
want all right fine we'll do this dot
map V
and then we should be
okay all right let's try
that wait wait wait wait I'm a
dumbass we want the center of the
float wait what
happened okay
okay this probably won't compile because
of
that
hi go this is so slow it takes 8 seconds
every
[Music]
time okay so
why oh yeah okay wait so we want to
take okay wait so yes we want that first
B
box cloning though that's fine
let but we actually don't want to do
this at all we
want B
boxes but then we
want uh 0 to
four we can't do
that slice axis
okay fine so yes so let's do slice axis
and then we can
do let's see if we can do this so you do
AIS zero and then slice from we probably
can
do can we
it R it uses so much CPU that's the
biggest thing it's like just not
efficient I don't know how we're going
to make it more efficient
though could get into quantization
that'd be kind of
fun so where does it actually fail
though
what I don't like about rust back traces
is that they don't tell me where in my
code things are going
wrong wait you know what I don't think
this is right what I
want is probably
this come on baby come on
for [__] sake
though I hate that this takes so long
oh yeah
okay so I'm going to open up a Jupiter
notebook to see if this is empty
because I feel like that
might hey you know what I want to try
out for
how do I get this QR code
is there web sucket
settings okay I can mess with that
later I forgot to set up the ethernet I
did all that and I didn't set up the
ethernet okay for
okay
okay wait let's figure this out
all right let me just ask GPT
this is what I'm saying stop doing this
this guy so
[__] okay that's what I
wanted that is what I
wanted wait we should probably made this
e or something
oh it is
empty
okay hello
okay let's try that again I think this
will work it was just some stupid thing
that I was
doing
nope index is less than
dim all right let's try debug
I really really think the vs code
debugging of Russ experience is a lot
worse I mean it really is a lot worse
what's
up you look good
I don't know what that was I
couldn't up oh
yeah trying to get this
um I'm about to hook up the the little
Motors that control the
camera
I you need to listen
okay oh you know what it's probably
because I'm running release mode if I
run in debug mode it probably
helps huh no I'm talking to the Stream
can't even tell is it running or
not presumably it is running I'm gonna
start ding i'mna hang out all right see
you I love you love you too
bye okay there we
go was that it what an awful experience
oh wait no here we go see it's finally
getting going
like is this really useful to
me there's no local state there's
nothing that I besides the registers
that I
can okay what if I just oops that's not
what I wanted to
do what if I just do
okay
where is that even happening
well it must be happening
here this is
ridiculous ridiculous
wait actually is
it it must be panicking here but I
didn't change this did
I guess I did
I'm so
confused so
presumably know what I can't stand
this I want it to be
faster oh wait bro see this is what I'm
saying is sometimes
you should actually put
this like down
here okay all right I'm I was tweaking
but the debugging is so
bad that I cannot be held responsible
okay so we still have that sleep but
that's
fine all right so we have there we go we
have the center so this is basically
where we we want to parse
this okay
now I guess I'm going to go get a
breadboard and the
servos um
okay I don't really know wait what's up
with the audio
lag
test
for for
okay now the annoying
part
is current
power supply that's the annoying part
okay the servo library is a great
library for controlling Servo Motors in
this oh wait I forgot to actually do
this
um face tracker Arduino rust it's a good
it's basically what it is
okay all right the servo library is a
great library for controlling Servo
Motors you'll find two
examples okay yeah both of those are
good Servo motors have different power
requirements
okay I don't think it's using the
ethernet I think I need to start OBS
before I actually hook up the ethernet
but I don't know how it works
what do they use for Motors likely
okay fine so let's just read this thing
Servo motors have different power
requirements depending on their size the
workload they're
experiencing are you kidding get this
[__] out of there okay okay a common
Servo motor requires 5 volts
basically and basically no current
doesn't take much okay but as soon as
the motor starts moving it starts using
more energy and it gets the energy by
pulling more current from the power
source if it experiences heavier load
such as added weight it naturally needs
to whoa see that's the crazy thing is
like
that is a ton of current
wait AC
adapter all right I'm sure that I can
find one of those somewhere but this
makes it sound like it's outputting 1
amp AC but or I mean 5 Vols AC
right see because this is the problem is
that now you're connected to the
wall
to it just it end it ends up being
really clunky
capacitors recommended for powering
Servo Motors they help stabilize the
power supply
it's pretty fast though
but I don't know what that
means I don't even know how to read that
unit does it say anything about the
current draw
there's probably an actual data sheet
that they
can we'll need to mount this whole
camera onto
it I don't know how we're going to do
that I need a 3D printer
man
okay fine fine fine fine fine fine
fine I mean if I were to get a scale I
imagine the camera is not really that
heavy
okay so you set it high but then the
high doesn't go
what
okay but I'm pretty sure my servos have
oh that's a
potentiometer so this actually
reads
e
e e
oh hello hello hello okay
so yes so we found a power supply
fly now we just need to hook everything
up and we should be good to
go nothing like the
YB
okay
for
for for
s
e
for
for for
oh and I forgot the service H what am I
doing for
one of those days where I'm just I'm
just running around so we got the
servos where the hell did the breadboard
go what okay I need the breadboard I
need some wire strippers
for
for for
[Music]
okay it's a stream full of totally
uneventful
[__] literally
totally
uneventful it's like 11:00 a.m. already
okay
so all right so we're going to
take
this we're just going to cut it off
this
damn I'm going need to
solder need to solder this
out you know what I'm going to
do I'm going to do this and I'm going to
cut this bulb off there's no way this
bulb is
has anything in it
right I think it's just so that it
doesn't
break all right and then I'm going to
strip
out I don't know like this
much okay
I don't know what's ground and what's
not oh and it's wrapped around this
thing in a beautiful little
spiral I guess I could use the volt
meter the voltage is so low that I could
probably just test it
out that's what I'll do I'll get a
voltmeter I'll be like someone that
knows what the hell they're
doing okay
so okay
then up here
try strip
this I don't want to
cut too
much
okay all right then we should probably
get some electrical tape
too let's move this let's move this
okay so now we have two sets of wires so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to get
the
um okay wait
um I have a wall to 5.4 volt 2. two 2
Amp uh
Transformer DC
Transformer uh if I plug plug into
wall
and is there any danger if I touch both
exposed leads
okay I'm going to get some electrical
tape I guess I'm getting a freaking
soldering iron
too um
and I'm just going to solder some real
wires I guess I could use
this I think it'll be a I think it's
good be
okay
okay so here's what I'm going to do I'm
going to plug this thing
in I'm just going to test without
touching
them for
okay and I'm a I'm a bad boy with a
fluke
multimeter I'm real special like
that okay
so before I even plug it in I'm just
going to hook this guy onto one of the
leads
and then I'm going
to oh nice I love these hooked
probes some people don't like them but I
love
them
okay let's do it
okay so that's
minus okay so that's minus so that means
that okay
so
um read
me uh Transformer
note
the two sheaths of of
wire the outer is plus and the inner is
ground so if I were to flip these
guys and plug it back
in first
off okay
that's okay now we get 5.5 volts
perfect so the inner is plus and
the or the no the inner is
plus and the outer is ground
okay cool cool cool cool so the next
step is the
soldering I don't know where I put my
good wire
strippers I don't think these are very
good let's just do it I don't know why
I'm such a baby about
everything just do it
for
for for
okay so I got soldering set
up
here my problem is I don't have my
solder
[Applause]
for
e for
okay I all right I have all my
stuff this place is a total
mess okay so here's what we're going to
do we have some wire strippers we are
going to
make a
wire I think this is 22 gauge does it
say anywhere of course not 22
gauge
so whatever we'll make it like that long
I don't think that that'll be an issue
make this one equally
long okay then strip
them we'll probably want to strip them
to be pretty long
actually so that I
can twist it
whatever we'll see what
happens and then that side's
short this side is
long this side is
short throw all this stuff in the trash
which is also
conveniently also my toolbox so I have
just a bunch of of trash and then a
bunch of
tools okay
now
hey clean up clean up everybody clean
up okay we
can take this
[Music]
all
right I mean literally just soldering
two wires together it's not that
complicated okay so here's what we're
going to
do yo what's up Apex
coers okay so we have our soldering iron
plug it in turn it on
when was that oh cool it was right
now okay turn this soldering iron
[Music]
on okay the inside is
plus the inside is plus so this guy is
going to go to the
plus so it's F this up
um there we go
want to use
this
okay we want our red wire to
wrap around this
yeah I feel like that's not going to
work so I'm just going to use a [__] ton
of solder and we're going to find out
what
happens
okay what's
up what's up it's some gang [__] okay
so here's what I'm I
do this guy this
okay
do a little bit
more okay that's
probably pretty good that as good as
we're going to get so let's do the other
side what am I doing I'm here from
YouTube oh
really that's cool
I didn't
know I had any YouTube
viewers I am
building
um uh basically I have a rust program
that will control a Arduino and that
Arduino is hooked up to a webcam so that
when I move my face side to side the
camera will track my
face so right now I'm just setting up
the power supply
okay so how did we get this
right
okay perfect
okay that seems strong
enough so now what we've done is we've
taken this which goes to the
wall cut off the end and attached wire
so we can plug it into a
breadboard okay
now what we're going to do is we're
going to
take take some uh electrical
wire and make it so that we can't short
out the
connection so
I should use heat shrink tubing but I'm
kind of of the opinion that heat rink
tubing takes too much equipment and work
okay
now black
Okay so
okay pretty Jank but here I'll show
you how we test that it that this thing
works okay so we take
out this tool called the
multimeter okay now we're going to take
our wall thing and we're going to plug
it
in to the wall first I'm going to
actually connect
up the red to
red and the black to
Black okay then I'm going to plug it
into the wall
and burn down my house okay now if I
turn on the voltage sensing
mode we get 5.6 volts which is exactly
what the box of the charger says
so that's good so everything that we
just did works the next
step is to clean
up the soldering iron cuz we're probably
not going to need
it ah a
bee a big
bee those bees are usually pretty
harmless
though okay so this thing is probably
still kind of hot so I will be careful
with
it put it right
there
okay um so now we need to hook up the
Arduino so we won't need this
anymore so all this equipment goes
away cables cables
cables nothing like a good tangle of
cables
[Music]
okay okay electrical tape solder
trash all right give me a sec for
okay all right so we have a breadboard
sure I'm charging
okay so we
can go
back
to
this
so actually you probably don't need to
see that you probably want to see this
okay so we have the
Arduino we have this thing that goes to
the wall so we're going to plug plus
into
plus minus into
minus then I'm actually going to
unplug this guy
you got to be really careful not to bend
the pins on these
things they have
pliers
okay it's not going to
work just get it out of there we
go uh it's similar like which I was
using in my computer science College
where you from
man oh nice I'm half Indian
what
uh what state are you
from maharash let uh
one thing I love to
do with people that tune in
is
to
explore okay yeah I'm North I'm North
Indian you live in Mumbai I'm
guessing wait there's a town called J oh
jelna
[Music]
um let's
see
yeah oh punee
cool
B I think there's like a lot of colleges
in Pune right
okay so we got to set this thing up so
let's figure this
out
um CU so we got the power
supply now I don't want the sweep
circuit I
want the knob circuit oh wait I didn't
get the capacitors hold on I got to go
get some parts
okay so wait let's just hook
up
okay 5 volts to 5 volts
ground to
[Music]
ground
yeah
okay uh so I need 200 microfarad Capac
adors how old are
you are you still in
college
okay okay
okay so
now okay
cool
okay so the so it's not the best view
but this circuit
okay then this goes
to
here and then actually I think we might
be able to do this
nope okay well that's all
right uh is that all
right okay maybe it'll work
and we put the
yellow
here and then we just need the capacitor
over the top
there and then we need
a this that goes to a z
okay what time is it 11:15 I got to go
soon
shees okay we just got to figure this
out okay then
D9 we got to figure this out
because exi b1222
bro this is such a useless
page whatever I'm just going to say this
I have exi b1222
and it has three outputs three
pins uh orange red and
brown which are plus plus ground and
Signal okay the red is the
power the brown is ground
in the orang is signal
okay so in
this we will have red go to
Plus or yeah red to plus black to ground
gray for signal
and then so that means that in the this
thing oh we need
another cap
okay this is really the annoying part
about like Electronics is you're just
fiddling with freaking wires like an
[__]
and then signal goes to
D9 okay so I need
two 100 microfarad I'll be right
back
for for
yes
this
s
okay
so I found 10 microf not 100 but should
be
fine okay I'm going to put one here
too okay
now okay we should be able to just grab
that code
code code code give me
code knob copy
what the hell is it called
okay
so
oh
what how come for
okay I don't know but now it's time to
plug
in the power
supply and
hopefully it
works okay it doesn't
work oh you know why it doesn't work cuz
I'm
dumb for
[__] okay all right so let's try it
again
wait but we don't
tie uh we don't
tie the Reds together we tie the grounds
together okay that makes
sense okay so we're going to try it
again
oh
baby oh yeah that's what I'm talking
about
nice all right so I'm going to hit that
gym this is a good stopping point the
next thing to do is we're going to hook
up if you're still here I don't know if
you're still hey what's your name Apex
coders
Apex coders from
punee harsh deep all right harsh deep
let me show you what we
have um we probably need to do one quick
change let's see this probably won't run
because the serial monitor is open let's
just try it so we have this
code access is denied okay so we just
need to do this
oh hold on I'll be right
okay
okay so this code draws a bounding box
around my face doing face detection so
the next
step is to have the servo
go to the position relative to the
screen then after that we need to design
how to mount the servo and the camera
together so that
basically we can do
this and then spinning
it yeah yeah so it uses the model called
Ultra
face hold
on okay so it uses this
model so yes it uses a relatively
lightweight model the problem is it's
still not fast
enough preferably I could run it at 30
frames a second but the fastest that
I've been able to get it with no
optimization is about seven frames a
second
so whatever we'll we'll have to
see but I'm very happy that the servo
works exactly as intended all I had to
do is hook it up that's very nice okay
peace harsh deep hope to see you again
I got to run bye